There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so
There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy
Now cracks a noble heart Good-night, sweet prince; And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest
When sorrows come, they come not single spies But in battalions!
Though this be madness, yet there is method in't
Sweets to the sweet
Conscience doth make cowards of us all
One may smile, and smile, and be a villain
The lady doth protest too much, methinks
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs
Parting is such sweet sorrow that I shall say goodnight till it be morrow
By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes
Do you not know I am a woman? when I think, I must speak
I do love nothing in the world so well as you – is not that strange?
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
Let me be that I am and seek not to alter me
The course of true love never did run smooth
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast
What's done cannot be undone
Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool
Hell is empty and all the devils are here
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none
What's past is prologue
Time is the justice that examines all offenders
If music be the food of love, play on
Own more than thou showest, speak less than thou knowest
All that live must die, passing through nature to eternity
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life, is rounded with a sleep
Honesty is the best policy. If I lose mine honor, I lose myself
Nothing will come of nothing
Nature must obey necessity
But love is blind, and lovers cannot see What petty follies they themselves commit
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves; we are underlings
There's small choice in rotten apples
But thy eternal summer shall not fade
It is a wise father that knows his own child 
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better
Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows
Thought are but dreams till their effects are tried
No legacy is so rich as honesty
By medicine life may be prolonged, yet death will seize the doctor too
What angel wakes me from my flowery bed?
Men's faults to themselves seldom appear
'Tis the mind that makes the body rich
Love bears it out even to the edge of doom
To be, or not to be: that is the question"
This above all: to thine own self be true
Though this be madness, yet there is method in 't
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so
The lady doth protest too much, methinks
Doubt that the sun doth move, doubt truth to be a liar, but never doubt I love
Do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe?
I will speak daggers to her, but use none
When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions
Can one desire too much of a good thing?
I like this place and willingly could waste my time in it
How bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man's eyes!
Blow, blow, thou winter wind! Thou art not so unkind as man's ingratitude
True is it that we have seen better days
For ever and a day
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool
Conscience is but a word that cowards use, devised at first to keep the strong in awe
So wise so young, they say, do never live long
O Romeo, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo?
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun
Good Night, Good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast
For you and I are past our dancing days
O! she doth teach the torches to burn bright
It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night like a rich jewel in an Ethiope's ear
See, how she leans her cheek upon her hand! O that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might touch that cheek!
Not stepping o'er the bounds of modesty
But love is blind, and lovers cannot see
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose
I like not fair terms and a villain's mind
Why, then the world 's mine oyster
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt
Some rise by sin, and some by virtue fall
The miserable have no other medicine but only hope
He will give the devil his due
The better part of valour is discretion
He hath eaten me out of house and home
A man can die but once
Yet do I fear thy nature; It is too full o' the milk of human kindness
My love's more richer than my tongue
I will wear my heart upon my sleeve for daws to peck at
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, rounded with a little sleep
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind
Everyone can master a grief but he that has it
These words are razors to my wounded heart
What 's gone and what 's past help should be past grief
Out of the jaws of death
The common curse of mankind, - folly and ignorance
Nature teaches beasts to know their friends